all right guys what is up and I'm
bringing you guys some modern warfare 3
gameplay' it feels like I'm opposed some
model for 3 for a while but here is some
em dub so I had a common in my last
video telling me you know maybe I'd get
more subscribers people like my videos
better if I didn't camp so much and this
just so happens to be one of my campus
gameplays but to play so it's just
really convenient that someone stated
that in my last video and I'm about to
put up you know I yeah let's just say
I'm about to pitch a tent around here
but it kind of goes the gameplay kind of
goes with what I'm going to talk about
today and that is how I hold just me I
don't know about others because I don't
know very many other people that do but
there is definitely people out there
that hold for kill/death ratio or higher
my KD a model for three is just over a
four and I get a lot of people messaging
me on xbox adding me as friends and
people even asking me how how do I hold
a for KD in this in this bullshit game
is what most people say we know there's
dead man's hand there's assess and
there's tape 95 corner campers you know
and how do I hold before Katie well let
me tell you the most important thing and
how I do it is I play defensive for the
most part I'm fairly defensive player
I don't really rush around a whole lot
I'm not a people seem to think that I'm
like you know our extremely campy player
like you know I don't move like I'm all
wings of redemption even though he's not
even the most extreme the can't be play
if you've seen some of his recent
gameplays he's using shotguns and
submachine guns now the reason that
people think that I'm a really big
camper is because most of the gameplays
I get I'm playing really defensive and
you want to know why is because the
playing defensive to kind of I guess you
could say campy tactic is the best way
to play and you will get some of the
best gameplays that way not all
gameplays or you know that way but you
know it's easier to you know to sit back
and people run to you and running to
them and it's true it so it is you even
see some rushers I remember SFX a goat
said that one
but you know it the Russian playstyle is
something different I don't want to get
into this whole entire like play style
argument here what I'm here to talk
about is how I get my 4 KD in how I hold
it so like I said I play defensive and
probably the next most important thing
that I would have to say is probably my
cat are my class setup sorry there I
couldn't say class uh-huh so the
difference of weapons perks and
proficiencies really comes down to you
know help it a lot of people don't think
it matters I must say that the create a
class system a model for three is
definitely a really important factor is
well the strike package as well so let
me get into kind of my credit class
breakdown for the most part the perks
that I use the first-year ones are
scavenger and sleight of hand pretty
much the only two that I ever use my
second tier perk the Hollen perks I
pretty much ever use is assassin or
blast shield sometimes a swap in
hardline but not very often it's mostly
just assassin or blast shield and my
third tier perks are pretty much always
sitrep and sometimes I'll sub in stalker
and you know those perks right there
pretty much on all ten of my classes in
modern warfare 3 you know just maybe mix
them around a little bit but let's
pretty much you're all the perks that
are in my classes for this game and I
must say they personally help me out the
best and they are you know what I find
most beneficial and you know what I work
well with is those perks you guys know
I'm mostly a salt strike package man I
would recommend the assault strike
package if you're trying to hold a high
KD such as myself and you know you don't
always have to use the big streaks
sometimes I have class designated just a
small streaks which is three four five
UAV care package and predator missile
and know why it's just you know
sometimes the big streets don't pay off
you know they're you know they're uh I
can't think of the expression but kind
of like go big go home you know they're
all risk no reward that's what that's
what I was thinking of you know some
games you might have the the ac-130
juggernaut Osprey gunner setup but you
know
even going to be able to get that first
Osprey gunner eischeid that first ac-130
so that's why sometimes the assault
streaks or even better just if you know
even if you want to run them low it's
it's really not a bad thing
supports okay but you know they don't
really help you get kills that much
because of alia SAS and use of modern
warfare 3 the Recon perks don't work as
much in the Support Specialists is good
and I do and I do say this you know
specialist is probably your second best
bet but you know it's not really helping
out the rest of your team at same time
while holding a fork ad you know you
have to kind of worry about your team -
that's just the type of player I am I
guess you could sell battle salt for
specialist but I don't know I kind of
recommend a salt it's what helps me do
better and one of the most important
things that I haven't stated yet is well
this doesn't happen for everyone but
like I said this video is kind of
personal preference and how I hold the
fork ad and it I play domination with a
full party and I find that to be the
easiest way you know when this game
first came out I played solo for a bit
and let's just say I didn't do very well
as I think about to KD and the reason
for that is that I play the objective
all the time and you know whenever I
play domination which is you know but
man your scent of the time what I'm
playing you know I'm more worried about
the win that my Katy so I guess that's
why my Katy isn't as high as it could be
but you know it's just the way it is I'm
more of a win-loss guy over the kill
death ratio you know it's just a number
at the end of the day but you know it's
a number that I kind of oh I enjoy
having it there let's just say that but
uh no simple things like this is what
really helps me hold the fort Katy
itself you know I have different play
styles for different Maps you know I
played differently for certain maps for
sure like a map like sea tone I don't
remember the last time I've used an
assault strike package on sea town I
always use specialist I always use
specialist on lockdown I always use
specialist on Arkadin and it's just
because you know air support doesn't do
good on certain maps and therefore you
know specialist is probably your most
valuable option and probably what I
would recommend the most now if you get
those certain Maps like
you know mission you got interchange you
have what other maps are that I can
think of hardhat where you know assault
streaks can really just tear it up and
you know right here I'm I'm using a bear
50 Cal and like I said your weapon
selection is another really big thing I
recommend personally sticking to assault
rifles and for close-quarter Maps
submachine guns you know you guys know
the basics you know ACR type 95 mp7 pp19
on you know you know all the guns to try
our guns if you really want to hold a
high KD and the best way I can say to
recommend it is use weapons like those
but you know we all know they get boring
from time to time and you know we like
to switch up our works and selection
this right here is pretty much how I
hold for KD and modern warfare 3 you can
see right here I'm just even
substituting in first night / Ifill
Tamara 50 Cal and right here this was a
perfect example 37 in one gameplay hope
you guys enjoyed don't hate because
can't be put